Guide.md, before:

Create app with command: npx create-next-app@latest taskly
Select yes for TypeScript
Select yes for ESLint
Select yes for Tailwind CSS
Select no for src
Select yes for App Router
Select no for customize default import alias 

Making use of Shadcn-ui with command: npx shadcn-ui@latest init
Select yes for TypeScript
Use default style 
Use neutral color
Global CSS file should be at app/globals.css
Select yes for CSS variables
Use tailwind.config.ts
Leave the configuration for import alias for components
Don't change the utils
Select yes for React Server Component
Select yes for for components.json

Add button with commmand: npx shadcn-ui@latest add button

Authentiacation with next: npm install @clerk/nextjs

Install usehooks-ts with this command: npm i usehooks-ts

Inshall skeleton from shadcn-ui with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add skeleton
Inshall accordion from shadcn-ui with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add accordion

Install separator with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add separator

Install zustand for mobile navbar interaction with this command: npm i zustand

Install sheet component with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add sheet

install prisma with this command: npm i -D prisma

Run the following command after installing prisma: npx prisma init

Run: npx prisma generate. This is to be done when a new model is added or a model is modified.

Run: npx prisma db push

Run: npm i @prisma/client

Run: npx prisma studio to show the ui for our database

Install zod with: npm i zod

Install input from shadcn-ui with the command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add input
Use clerk for authentication
Use Prisma for database 
Use PlanetScale for database, mysql database

Commit message:

create form input, form error, submit components

Guide.md, after:

Create app with command: npx create-next-app@latest taskly
Select yes for TypeScript
Select yes for ESLint
Select yes for Tailwind CSS
Select no for src
Select yes for App Router
Select no for customize default import alias 

Making use of Shadcn-ui with command: npx shadcn-ui@latest init
Select yes for TypeScript
Use default style 
Use neutral color
Global CSS file should be at app/globals.css
Select yes for CSS variables
Use tailwind.config.ts
Leave the configuration for import alias for components
Don't change the utils
Select yes for React Server Component
Select yes for for components.json

Add button with commmand: npx shadcn-ui@latest add button

create an account with clerk 
createa a project with clerk
copy the appropriate .env key and put it in the .env file
install clerk
Authentiacation with next: npm install @clerk/nextjs
create a layout in the place to use the clerk `<ClerkProvider>` as a wrapper create the appropriate clerk folder for the sign up etc.
create a mddleware file and add the middlewar information
Install usehooks-ts with this command: npm i usehooks-ts

Install skeleton from shadcn-ui with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add skeleton
Install accordion from shadcn-ui with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add accordion

Install separator with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add separator

Install zustand for mobile navbar interaction with this command: npm i zustand

Install sheet component with this command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add sheet

install prisma with this command: npm i -D prisma

Run the following command after installing prisma: npx prisma init

Run: npx prisma generate. This is to be done when a new model is added or a model is modified.

Run: npx prisma db push

Run: npm i @prisma/client

Run: npx prisma studio to show the ui for our database

Install zod with: npm i zod

Install input from shadcn-ui with the command: npx shadcn-ui@latest add input
Use clerk for authentication
Use Prisma for database 
Use PlanetScale for database, mysql database

Install shadcn-ui label with : npx shadcn-ui@latest add label
